Timing and Subtitles Brought to You by the Scrimp & Scrape Team @ Viki!
Because This Is My First Life
Lee Min Ki
Jeong So Min
Lee Som
Park Byeong Eun
Kim Ga Eun
Kim Min Seok
Because This Is My First Life
Come to YOLO, 24
Reason for reporting: Stalking
Awaiting processing
Is something wrong?
You only love one.
- Bok Nam
Are you going to work tomorrow?
What?
Of course. I have to.
I'm a new employee, I should go in early.
How would you feel about not going?
If I don't…I'll get fired.
Why do you ask?
Tomorrow, Cat…
Could you take her to the vet?
Ah, tomorrow?
- Yes, then, I will, tomorrow early afternoon.
- No, in the morning.
I'm hoping you could really go in the morning.
Ah…ok. I'll do that.
I mean, when I offered to go, he said adamantly no.
Why is he like that all of a sudden?
The cube-formula like brains of those science majors.
How would a literature girl like me understand?
Could I change my hours for tomorrow?
"You only love one."
What a random English phrase.
This kid really didn't study much.
But he's seen a thing or two, I guess.
Yes, Bomi-nim. Excuse me for calling so late.
The list of of reported people I sent you, Young Bok Nam…
The reason for the report is for stalking.
Where and how did that report come about?
I sent you the veterinary clinic address by text message.
It's the usual clinic I always take him to.
He should be familiar with it.
Yes. I suppose it will be done by around lunch time?
I'll tell you the result as I leave.
No. Depending on the condition,
there could be additional exams.
Please take care of those as well.
Use this to pay for the bill. Please take a taxi.
It's alright. There's a bus that goes there straight.
No, I mean…I don't think it will be okay for Cat.
He's never been to a place with lots of people.
Oh. About the examination . . .
How much did you want?
Some animal hospitals tend to add on this and that to incur additional costs, it seems.
Do all of them. Whatever the doctor says. All.
And pay in one single payment, please.
Okay.
Today… come back safely.
Then…see you later.
Nope. Because I feel like I will do something wrong.
If we continue to stay together, I might jump you.
- What?
- Oh, and it wasn't 303, it was 304.
Our hotel room.
♫ You awoke me from my slumber. ♫
- Good morning.
- Hello.
- Oh, hello!
- Hello!
Wow!
♫ Again today, as always ♫
♫ a day where my heart races  ♫
♫ It's lucky, lucky, lucky day ♫
♫ I want you every single day ♫
♫ Today too ♫
♫ I've been waiting for you ♫
- CEO?
- Oh, Bo Mi!
Drink up this fresh air of the morning!
This isn't the time for you to be filming "500 Days of Summer" in front of the office.
Let's go in.
- Good morning.
- Good morning!
Roster of members with reports.
Did you call the person who reported him?
They used our app's chatting function to chat.
They exchanged phone numbers and spoke and became friendly.
But she started not to respond much and that's when he started to  text and call like crazy, I think.
So she blocked him, and then he called her at work.
If this is true, it's really serious.
Though people do file false reports, too.
We need to verify whether it's true, and be accurate.
Could we get the blacklists from other apps?
I could get that through Won Seok, I think.
Bomi-nim, could you come with me?
Yes.
He's very dependable, right?
- What?
- Se Hee.
He's a very manly type.
Oh. Well, if I had to pick one thing to say about him, that wouldn't be it.
It's ok, you can brag about him in front of us!
There's no one in this hospital who doesn't know Se Hee is a man's man.
A man's man?
I mean, when he first brought her, he was so angry…
So our nurses gave him a nickname, "man's man."
He got angry? Really?
I guess you didn't know.
Back then Cat's condition was really bad.
I told him it's better to just prepare himself for the worst.
And he smacked the table here and was very angry.
He said that was a very irresponsible thing for me to say and that he didn't care how much it costs, but I had to cure him.
Back then he wasn't even the owner, I think.
Yup. Someone threw him away. Cat was dying on the street when Se Hee brought him here.
He ran here in the middle of the night.
You married really well.
No man who loves animals is a bad guy. Right?
Right. Though the issue is that he only cares about animals.
You're not supposed to fall for those words before you marry him, huh?
Ah…you two are married to each other?
Oh, welcome!
It's not lunch time yet. You came early.
- Yes, to buy some snacks.
- Just in time since we got a new menu out today.
- Please try it.
- Yes.
Oh, you're here? Ji Ho noona said she will be coming a bit late today.
Yes, she will.
Have a taste.
Wow. Wrap up five of these for me.
Okay.
I guess you've got stuff that's dropping your sugar level since early morning.
Maybe your boss is making you do too much work?
They're always giving me a lot of work.
Your bag looks like it would be heavy. You have a lot of tools.
Well, there are must-haves for people who ride the motorcycle.
Since we need them to carry out the work.
What kind of work?
Well, fixing the motorcycle and fixing a woman's heart too.
I'll help you settle the bill.
It's $26 dollars.
Sign.
You changed your signature.
This is the first time I signed here. Last time, I paid by cash.
Is that right? I guess I mixed you up with someone else.
Would you like to try that?
Three years ago?
He ran holding Cat?
My landlord? That neocortex?
No.
- What's this?
- Ji Ho!
What? You didn't go to work at the cafe?
I had something to do so I'm just going to work now. What about you guys? Where are you going?
Where else? To your cafe, of course.
Tada. Bok Nam gave us a ton of coupons so we can't waste it.
You're not busy? You're not going to your work?
I've got work outside the company today. I've got a lot of time before the evening.
And I have a day off. Let's go.
Maybe it's just a false report. He just looks so nice.
You also look ordinary from afar.
That thing. I looked into how much it costs, and it's really expensive, they say.
You must be curious how much it costs, right?
Nope. Not really. It's not even my house price, so why?
That's true. You're not interested in stuff like this.
Well, since you troubled yourself to find out, let's hear it.
How much is it?
Hey, it's Brother-in-law!
- But who's that next to him?
- I know, right?
Who is that?
That bike is to die for.
I only saw it ever displayed in the stores. But I guess someone actually goes around riding it.
That's Bok Nam's.
Really? That's Bok Nam's, you say?
That's got to cost at least as much as a mid-sized car.
Really?
It's daebak, right?
No. Well, not as much as I thought.
Shall we go back? I think we've been absent for too long.
Be careful, Se Hee. The back mirror is at least a week's worth of our overtime pay.
I think it's probably more than that even.
Be careful. Or else you'd be paying until 2048,
along with your home loan.
I think you exaggerate a bit much.
To compare a back mirror and a home loan as the same category.
This little back mirror, how bad could it actually cost.
My motorcycle.
Se Hee.
Ji Ho! Hey, what do we do about your husband?
Episode 8
Because This Is My First Husband
Oh my. Smells like poop.
What the!
So you sleep here. I'm sorry.
Oh, Won Seok.
How come you came all the way here?
To this office... without even a place to sit.
I should've come sooner. I'm sorry.
And put this somewhere in your office.
This is a plant that freshens the air.
It's the best for those bad people who don't let any fresh air in.
Thank you.
Let's see.
Byeong Tae, where should I put this? Byeong Tae!
Sang Hoon, where should I put this?
It's not even food. Put it where?
You just hold it and stand there, then.
Oh. Alright.
- Let's go out, Hyung.
- Yup, shall we?
I'm sorry.
Thanks.
But what's with the atmosphere in your office?
Sang Hoon is about to get dumped by his girlfriend of five years.
The scary looking kid who was sleeping on the sofa.
I see. That's why he had that look of sting.
But why be so petty about it when young people meet and break up all the time?
The girlfriend's family told her to break up with him if he keeps on making the 'app' or 'opp' or whatever.
Saying something like they won't consent to them marrying if he doesn't get a job by the end of the year.
I see.
I'm at a crisis too.
This is too cruel. Work, and my dating life, too.
I've been put on a forced abstinence.
- Rang said she doesn't want to do it with me.
- Won't do what?
- Why?
- She says she's uneasy about doing it with a man who isn't thinking of marriage.
She said if we do it . . .  ugh this is so embarrassing.
She said to do it with two on.
It's not as if they are socks. Put two on? What a disaster.
So I'm pondering it seriously. This marriage thing.
Hey, I can see how it's stressful.
It's not just a mountain that you can climb over.
The offer I made you before is still valid, so call me when you're interested.
Thank you, Hyung.
Show me the picture of the guy you mentioned.
It's him. Can you find out if he's been blacklisted on other matchmaking sites?
I will look into it. But what is your plan though?
You said he works with Ji Ho.
I know. I mean, if this was just a normal blacklist, I can just kick him out.
But I'm worried because of Sister-in-law.
Since he works with her, I can't just make any moves too soon either.
But it's a relief anyway. The fact that her husband is involved.
He's the top 1% brain in the field, too.
That's true. Who's our Chief Nam?
He's cool-headed and meticulous and even if you poke him with a needle, he probably won't even shed a drop of blood.
I had to stitch more than I thought I needed to.
Be careful not to get water on it and come back again in a week.
- Yes.
- You hit the ground, right?
How did that happen?
Huh? Who's his guardian?
Oh, me. A motorcycle . . .
You did that riding a motorcycle?
So, we'll need a full-body x-ray then.
So you were a biker! No wonder.
Your eyes.
No, it wasn't that he was riding the motorcycle. He was trying to avoid it.
- He was trying to avoid it.
- A motorcycle that was coming towards him?
Then, wouldn't we need to get him a CT scan?
Well, it wasn't a motorcycle that was moving.
So, it happened while I tried to avoid a parked motorcycle by myself.
What? Why?
Why?
Nah. It couldn't be because the motorcycle is super expensive?
So you didn't want it getting scratched so you tried to avoid it and fell to the ground . . .
You're crazy!
It can't be something like that, right?
No matter how much expensive a motorcycle is, what crazy punk would switch it with his own life?
Then, I'll see you in a week.
Brother-in-law is so athletic.
Yeah. How did he manage to fly like that.
I think he could totally be a diving athlete.
Athlete, my butt.
JI Ho must be so embarrassed. Wouldn't you say?
Well... I don't think that's necessary.
She should be. How much can a motorcycle back mirror cost?
His wife's friends saw clearly how he tethered on the ground trying to avoid it.
If it were me, I would've pretended like I didn't know him out of embarrassment.
But why did you get in this car? Don't you need to go to work?
I do. But I can't go pegged between a husband and wife.
With the atmosphere already awkward.
Take a left up ahead and drop me off at the intersection, please.
Oh, sure. Since it's on our way.
What do you mean it's on the way?
Oh, but the two of you . . . by chance, do you know that Bok Nam well?
Well, not exactly well, but why? You're interested in him?
Can't be. You're one of the matchmaking app creators. You wouldn't not know about his level.
But still. I'm sure my level is higher than yours.
You haven't done this, right? Getting your level on our app?
I don't need to, you see. Since I've got a boyfriend.
Honestly, isn't that for people who are kind of lacking in self-esteem?
Oh. So you've got a boyfriend and you've got self-esteem.
It's just tactfulness that you lack.
What did you say?
What a funny person.
There you go.
It doesn't hurt?
Yes, it's fine.
Why did you do that?
If you just grabbed the motorcycle,
you wouldn't have gotten injured.
If I had grabbed the motorcycle, it would have fallen or broken.
But it's still better that the motorcycle gets broken.
is it better to have a person get hurt?
Well, it's not about which is right or wrong.
In the end, my treatment cost is less than the motorcycle repair cost.
Se Hee. He's a very manly type.
He smacked here and was very angry.
Our nurses gave him a nickname. "Macho man".
What mancho man.
What?
Nothing. They said to come get the cat in the evening.
They still have some exams left.
I see. Thank you.
Shall we go?
You're headed back to your work, right?
Yes. What about you, Ji Ho? Are you heading to that cafe?
Yes. If I skip the afternoon too, I think I might really get sacked.
So I should go in.
Did you have something to say to me?
That cafe . . .
Yes?
Until when were you planning on working at that cafe?
Well, unless I get fired,
I think for now, I will continue to.
Why do you ask that?
No. I was wondering if there's actually a reason why it had to be that cafe.
There are lots of other places around the home.
So I mean, there are lots of places you could just walk to.
I wonder if you had to go all the way there, I mean.
By chance . . .  is it because it bothers you?
Are you that worried about your company people?
Their coming to the cafe?
- Well, it's . . .
- If it's that, don't worry.
As you said, situations where we have to act like husband and wife,
I'm avoiding them as much as I can too.
And also, the cafes around the home. I've been to them all.
None of them hired me.
And in my current situation, a part-time job I can get,
aren't many.
And this cafe, it was thanks to Bok Nam that I got to work there too.
So to me, it's actually a job that came to me difficultly.
Please don't say it so lightly.
Pharmacy
Then, see you at home.
Yes.
♫ I will entrust my heart in your care briefly. You may pass by,  ♫
♫ and just look at it carelessly.  ♫
By personal feelings, you mean, the fact that I like you?
When I'm with you, I'm bothered about it and I'm curious about what you're doing then I miss you.
I just don't like it!
Those bastards harassing you.
Oh, Deputy Woo, on cming back from Technobile?
Yes. I stopped by the M Portal main office nearby too.
Oh. Really?
Then.
Hey, did you see it? Not on.
No way.
I told you, I saw it more than once or twice. Want to bet?
Did you guys hear about Deputy Woo?
What about her?
Oh, how the CEO of Goldbench tried to get close to her at the drink meeting?
Really? How?
- He did this, I heard.
-Is he crazy?
So then? What did Deputy Woo do?
From what's said on the chat, it wasn't what she did.
It was Gyeolmalrae CEO that pounced back, with hefty curses.
What? Why? I guess the two have something going on.
Honestly, unless it's that, would he pounce away his future money?
You know how Deputy Woo, when she does business out,
she goes around without a bra, the rumor says.
I guess he fell for that.
Really? No bra? What? It's like she's going out for a hook up.
Was that her style?
I liked Deputy Woo. I'm so disappointed.
What disappointed. Not like you two were close.
Wait for me.
Mr. Heels?
What? Who are you to call me . . .
The CEO and the guy with the heels. Move to the bride's side.
- Oh.
- You brought the document the CEO asked for, right? Follow me.
Yes. Where's Sang Goo hyung?
An urgent meeting with a VIP so he went out. You can just talk with me.
VIP?
Call me when you're done working. I'm at the cafe in front of your company right now.
I didn't send the text to ask you to come out. I said I was going to wait until you were off work.
- What are you doing here?
- What do you mean what?
You saw my text.
I came here like this so I could buy dinner for Ms. Woo Soo Jin who's toiling away with work all day.
I'm working late today, since I've got a lot to do.
Do you know what's nice about being the CEO?
No matter how much work there is, I have no reason to worry about what others think about where I do that work.
I'm really fine. I can just wait here while working.
It's true though. I brought my work.
See, the notebook,
and the earphones and the mouse
and the flower.
Since it's day one starting today for us.
So just one stem today. You can be greedy about flowers from now on. Here you go.
What?
Hey.
- CEO Ma, come see me.
- I'm seeing you this whole time though.
Hurry and take the flower.
Follow me.
What's with this?
Huh? What is? I told you. I'm buying you dinner.
- Why this suddenly?
- That's what I mean.
Why is CEO Ma buying my dinner?
And after coming suddenly in front of my work place, at that.
Well . . . oh, so you're the type that prefer to go with the aloof exterior when you date.
I said I wanted to sleep with you. Did I ever say I wanted to date you?
CEO Ma. Are you some youth in your 20s?
What?
I think you're misunderstanding something big time here.
That day, I just threw it out there.
Because my body was craving it.
And I thought,
I thought you and I were the same category.
But you are more innocent than I thought, so this is really throwing me off.
Soo Ji.
You're really so mean and bad!
Yeah.
I'm mean and bad.
I'm so mean and bad and that's how I barely made it to today.
So please stop acting silly, CEO Ma.
Hey, Woo Soo Ji!
What did you just say?
Don't act silly?
Did I say I wanted to something else with you?
Let's eat a meal together.
We have a connection so let's see each other.
That's all I asked.
Is that something for you to throw such a fit about?
Look here.
I think you must think the workplace is like some college club.
No. School or club, once you date and break up, it's only the woman that loses out.
The woman is the one who gets dissed. And it's the woman who has to quit and leave too.
Do you get that?
Why are you so twisted?
I think it's you who's not very aware.
It seems like the world has changed, right?
But it's the same.
So if you want to sleep with me so badly,
go and sell off your company and come. Then I'll date you.
App: Shall We Meet? / YOLO Rider, (94) / Report: Stalking
So he was reported on this app, too?
Yes.
They exchanged numbers.
And they chatted before she blocked him.
But he started to stalk her with text and calls and hacked her SNS too.
So it's the same as our report.
But . . .
You know about the Namgang Station rape case, right? It's similar to that pattern.
It's not. How in the world does that face look like a criminal?
Look here. If I sit still, people say that I look like a model too.
I think this case was also after meeting in an online game.
He got mad after getting blocked so he kept stalking her.
You know SNS? He went to the location tagged on it and he kidnapped her.
They haven't caught that criminal yet.
They haven't caught the criminal?
Right. They haven't. That is what I heard.
My friend works at that game company.
Ji Ho works with him, I heard.
Maybe you should hurry and go and tell her?
There aren't many part-time jobs I can get in my current situation.
That cafe too, it was thanks to Bok Nam that I got to work there.
So it was actually a job that was difficult for me to get.
Please don't talk about it so lightly.
Even if I let her know, it should be after I confirm the facts.
If I rush to tell her and it's not true, it could be troubling for both parties.
Ji Ho could lose her job.
And this person too.
It's just a part-time job, so she could just quit. There's no need to be so serious.
A part-time job is still an important job to some people.
I can't ruin that recklessly.
And I don't want that to be because of me either.
Your friend at the game company.
Could you ask him to find out more about the Namgang Station case?
- And information on the suspected member, too.
- Yes, I'll ask.
But how did you injure your forehead?
Oh. This is . . .
an accident.
A type of willful negligence.
Today's coffee, one cup, strong.
Yup.
Here you go.
You're finally having a day off. Why are you going around all day alone?
What about Won Seok? You're not going to see him?
He's got a lot to do today.
It's pretty, right?
This one is yours. It was on sale, so I bought an extra one.
Me?
Wear this?
Why? Don't you like it?
Then... do you want this one?
No, that one is yours. This one is for Ji Ho Noona.
Is that so?
Little boy, saying all kinds of things.
I know? I guess our Ji Ho looks so innocent and pure to men, huh?
She doesn't look just innocent, she is innocent. White looks so good on her.
Especially sleeveless looks. Her shoulders are so pretty, right?
What are you saying? It's so cold, why would I wear something sleeveless?
I know, right?
You sound like you saw her shoulders already.
Noona, you look prettier when you wear your hair up.
When did you ever see me with
my hair up? I haven't done that.
Ah, well...
I just meant that I think you would look pretty that way.
Do I have to see it? It's obviously for pretty people.
The cake is one me, Noona.
Should I toss Won Seok out and take him home to raise instead?
Aigoo, don't say things you don't mean.
You bought all this sexy lingerie for Won Seok.
Yes, I did buy it because of him.
Tonight, I'm going to wear nothing but this...
Oh, come on.
and not let him lay one finger on my body.
Huh?
When I learn more information, I will contact you.
Yes, we are grateful for all your help so far.
Oh, I haven't had a chance to properly greet you.
This is my business card.
I'm a CEO of a startup myself.
It's called "Awake Others." It's an alarm app.
Oh, Awake Others.
That app where you set alarms for your friends to wake them?
Yes, that one. I made that.
Oh, so you're the developer of Awake Others.
We all used that together the other day, right?
- You used my app?
- Of course.
We all used that app and we were surprised.
Really?
If we ever met the developer, we had something we really wanted to ask him.
What is it? Please ask me.
Why in the world did you make that app?
Huh? Well,
if you used it, you will know.
There are times when you can't hear your alarm, and you keep sleeping.
Then your friend will be awakened by your alarm.
Then the friend will call you and wake you.
Then can't you just set your alarm to repeat at a later time?
Oh...
that is true, but...
Yes, there is that solution.
But our company's motto is to connect people together.
It's not about a regular alarm. It's a social media alarm.
So between couples and close friends, they take care of each other's morning waking times,
and deepen their relationship with each other, shall I say?
But, does that make any money?
What are your monthly sales?
Ah, that...
We don't
make any sales.
Sim Won Seok, learn how great the sin of rejecting marriage is, feel it down to your bones.
Stab yourself in your thighs as you stare at this.
You're home?
What's wrong? What is it?
Hey, Sim Won Seok. Lift your head. What's up?
What? He asked why you made that app?
Why would you make an app? So you can sell it, obviously.
What a stupid question. Sheesh.
Rang.
I never knew that my app would be treated this way.
There are so many dumb apps in this world.
An app that makes your phone vibrate and scratch your back for you.
What's so wrong with my app?
I know. What is wrong with Awake Others?
Because they're ranked #1 in the app store, they dare to look down on #257?
I didn't think Brother-in-law was like this, but he is such a weird person.
He's the one who rolled on the ground so he wouldn't have to pay for a back mirror.
Huh?
Really?
This one is here and that is here.
That's right.
How many times do I have to teach you? You also broke a cup earlier.
That was because the customer--
If the customer drops a cup then the part-timer should go catch it before it hits the ground.
Isn't that right?
What?
I will keep it a secret about what happened today from the owner.
You owe me one. Pay me.
Hey!
Landlord.
You have a call.
Oh. Wait a sec.
Yes. What's the matter?
That is...
Yes, what's the matter?
today, what time will you be home?
I think I will be going home on time.
Why?
That is...
today, Arsenal will be playing. A derby match.
Ahhh... yes.
But then, did you call because of that?
In case you didn't know.
Okay. Thank you.
And also today... are you going home riding the bus?
Yes. Probably.
But then, why?
Going home by bus...
why do you keep asking since yesterday?
That...
that...
I think it would be better for you to ride the bus.
So... the bus is efficient and safe.
So...
The bus stops in front of the house in just one ride.
Ahhh.
That... I am being very strange right now, right?
Yes.
What about Cat?
Did you go and get him?
No, I will be going later.
Is Cat...
coming home riding a taxi just like earlier?
Yes. Since it is the end of the work day, he would be startled if there are so many people.
Ahhh.
Yes.
Then, I will see you for the soccer match.
What the? Cat rides a taxi
so why does he insist that I ride the bus and even calling me about it?
What's with him since yesterday?
You have to pick the cat up by 7.
Do well.
Why did you practice?
- I saw in the video.
I really can't solve this.
This is why it won't work for you.
Sir Se Hee try solving this. Youre good at this.
Mr. Se Hee, Mr. Se Hee.
Show us.
I can't do it, how do you do it?
You always leave first.
Get on.
Not today.
Why? Because your husband told you to ride the bus?
What?
I heard earlier. Don't you know that you can hear through the window if you talk over there?
Stupid.
Ahhh... Is that so?
Go ahead. I will ride the bus today.
You listen to your husband really well.
A husband who doesn't even come to pick you up.
It's not even a far distance. It's just one bus stop away
so how could he not even come and pick you up once?
He's busy.
What? He's picking up the cat?
To your husband the cat ranks first than you then.
Get on, let's drink one beer.
You also have a debt today that you have to pay.
Should we? Should we go for a drink?
Private Best Seoul Driver
Really?
He rolled on the floor to avoid the side mirror?
Wow. That's great.
So it's true, according to Hyung Sang Woo he's a loan-cat person.
Huh? Loan-cat?
Yeah. In his brain is only his loan and cat so that's what people in the company call him.
All logic is matched with his loan
and the little emotion he has is placed on his cat.
He's one who doesn't usually ride taxis but
to take the cat to the vet he rides a taxi, surgery fee and he only uses the best cat food.
That brother-in-law is really strange.
That's why.
All the people around him thinks he's like this.
Record? What record?
Cube. He went to a cube competition and set a record.
Cube?
Ahhh! The children's toy that the kid downstairs is playing?
Don't you just twit and turn that thing?
What?
Rang!
Yes, Bomi.
Mr. Se Hee, I asked my uncle
about that Namgak station case.
Yes, go ahead.
They still have not found the suspect but they have found an evidence that the culprit left behind.
Rang, Rang.
This may seem easy but it is actually based on calculations.
This has a lesser probability than winning lottery daily within two weeks.
Where did you get that? Perhaps is it from the kid downstairs?
Yeah. I borrowed it.
Keep quiet. That's not important. This isn't something that could be matched while just turning it, you know.
If you just recklessly touch this then you won't be able to solve it even if you die.
You move every block, focus now.
Keep quiet! Stop it! We were talking about Se Hee!
You've been talking about that cube for 30 minutes. What did I tell you that I hate the most?
I taught you for 7 years but how come you always miss out on that?
Why? Do you think I'm a dangerous person?
Your signature has changed.
You know the Namgak station case, right? It's the same as that.
He got mad because he was blocked and kept stalking.
He went to the location from the SNS and kidnapped her there.
I think he used it as a weapon.
And also fix a girl's heart.
I must have what I want.
Driver...
Today, Arsenal will be playing.
It's nice.
Why did you marry your husband?
- Huh?
There must be a reason for you to marry him. What did you like about him?
He's frugal.
He has strong sense of living.
You saw it too, the side mirror.
Is that all? The reason why you married him?
He has a stable job.
He has a house too.
Is that why you saved your husband as landlord?
It's nice.
Why did you marry your husband?
- Huh?
- There must be a reason why you married him.
What did you like about him?
He's frugal. With a strong sense of survival.
You saw, the side mirror.
Is that all? The reason that you married him?
He also has a stable job.
He has a house too.
Is that why you saved your husband as landlord?
I saw when he called earlier, it showed "landlord."
It's kind of a nickname.
And not really your landlord?
It is too.
But I am also contributing.
I do part-time work, recycle,
and watch over the cat. And sometimes...
I prepare breakfast for my husband.
Well... even though it's really seldom.
That's petty.
I thought marriage... would be done for some other reason.
May it be love or fate.
Marriage isn't much too. It's just the same as a part-time work.
And exchange between labor and capital.
Are you very mad, Maam?
Never mind. It''s not like it's the first time.
I'm sorry. My doctor-illness came back again.
Don't sit while kneeling, it's not good for circulation.
I'm already upset as it is. Why go to someone else's company and cause this?
They are very funny people.
What is it to them if someone makes an alarm app or a game app?
Rang...
why do you want to marry me?
What?
- The truth is, it's a bit...
I can't even get an investor and have been the same for the last 3 years.
I don't have money, car or a house. I don't have anything.
Why do you want to marry me?
What are you saying? I want to do it because it's you.
Because it's me?
- That's right. Because it's you.
Do I need another reason?
Landlord
It's because it's that person.
Because it's him that's why I married him.
His house or his work...
though I can't say it's not because of those.
Even if for the same conditions
if it was not him, I won't do it.
So don't say it that way.
Though marriage isn't something so great.
But still to hear that kind of thing from someone I don't know
it's not insignificant.
So I am someone who doesn't know, to you.
So...
if something happens here, do you think your husband would come and get you?
What?
- No, even if you think of it that way
your husband gets the cat riding a taxi and tells you to ride the bus.
He doesn't care about you.
Hey.
Why aren't you answering? I guess you are not confident that he will come and get you.
Yeah. I'm not confident! Satisfied?
That's why... who said to get married to a fake husband?
What?
I drank all my beer.
Do you want another one?
What did you just...
Why are you so startled?
You think I wouldn't know?
I am interested in you much more than you think. So I am not someone who doesn't know.
Let's go and watch soccer.
What are you doing now?
Let go!
What if I don't let go? Will you hit me?
No. I don't hit people.
It would cause a lot of money.
I researched this earlier. Right, it's expensive.
I will pay it with my house by 2048.
My motorbike!
Hurry.
So that we can go home to our house.
As long as we don't work hard
we won't be able to understand each other.
In this world...
love... exist
♫ Even if I don't want love and it passes by  ♫
♫ When you're before me ♫
♫ Oh, I will want to hold your hands and everything's fine. ♫
♫ And I want to be in love with you. ♫
Timing and Subtitles Brought to You by the Scrimp & Scrape Team @ Viki!
You were at home. But why call?
Because you are a trustworthy person, that's why I did it.
You think we're not doing by our contract?
So why did you have to save me as your landlord?
You don't tell us about it, but I guess he cherishes his wife a lot.
In front of others, call me husband.
Why are you looking at me with those eyes?
That... how?
Get yourself together! Erase!
What's wrong?
Your nails has dead skin on it, take it off.
Look properly! What dead skin?
Will you marry me?
I... have a person that I like. My husband.